[Music]
[Music] [Applause] [Music]
[Laughter] [Applause]
[Music] oh yeah
welcome back to Lady Babylon Wednesday night bible study it's so nice to have
you here tonight we'll be taking a tour to the end of Mark yes we only fulfilled
half half our application excuse me half of Our obligation I'm so excited we only
fulfilled half of it by seeing him die right we're there with the soldiers and
everything's like that's the son of God we've only fulfilled half tonight we go
to the second half of our commission here and we investigate the net the kid
that was I'm sorry I almost said naked but he's just a kid um the kid that was sitting next to dead
Jesus when Mary Magdalene and Salome showed up tonight we're going to summon
Celsius and that's that's the touch
Point that's going to give us what we really need to blow up
[Music] thank you
[Music]
again welcome back tonight I want to begin with some subliminal messaging and
a little bit of bringing the future and the past altogether in the present gonna
throw some images at you and I want us to be critical again as investigators as
those who appeal to reason right people have been telling me sources fantastic
we love it this is ours this is the museum it belongs to us I'm going to put
you in the mood tonight and set you on your way should we hit it this fight has come to
us and you know what I say read it all no homos will ever be allowed on this
church as long as I'm the pastor here to let you know that verse 1 is the truth
the whole truth and nothing but the truth so help you God when you understand Faith the devil's hoping you don't know
who you are
in a few years they'll die you know why they can't reproduce
we propelled marriage Propel Eagles don't prepare
Jesus would say to our politicians today who are telling us what light bulbs we
can and can't use but they won't say don't murder your children someone who is so deeply into paganism is to do this
was restricted from the Privileges and rights of citizenship within the nation because they had defiled the image of
God this is how you breathe in hell it was like [Music] [Applause]
those quotes were by celsus and where we've gone tonight you know we usually
get in the ship and we go and we resurrect this dead and we talk to the dead tonight what
we're going to do is drag back with us everything we are going now to the present in the
second century Anno Domini also known as the
year of Our Lord yes yes we're going back
we're going back some of them like to call him Yahweh right
but our texts say he's the curios yeah okay let's go I want to go
um Celsius can you give us a little bit and please use that Soft C on the front
Celsius right it's not kelsus you know who pronounces it that way people who don't
have classic philology that's who okay don't it it's not scythian for
goodness sake what kind of science do you know right it's scythian I know those are
minor points but in this Temple to the Muse in this place can we please
have it cleaned of any charlatanism right you coming here you get on that
mat and you perform that's what's important let's go to Celsius I'm going
to read to you just a few passages of cell system bombard you with some imagery and this is from a very good
translation by R Joseph Hoffman now this is the
standard one they make you get this one when you're you know in line for pretending that you have the ability to
dissertate to make you get this and like read this yeah love it the cult of Christ
tell us this about the cult of Christ you see we're in the same time we're in
the same time in space with Celsius that's why it's easy to bring him here
right I can drag the whole universe backward yeah
right we're dealing with these people again again we're fighting for civilization
let's see what happens The Cult of Christ is a secret society
what's the year does anybody smell the year oh yeah it's like I don't know 175.
yeah 180 somewhere in that range they even debate about that
right let's just see what the man says the cult of Christ is a secret society
whose members title together in corners for fear of being brought to trial and
Punishment okay well at least I know where I am at
least I know where I am their persistence is the Persistence of a group threatened by a common danger and
danger is a more powerful incentive to Fraternal feeling than is any oath
hmm interesting tell tell me more as to their Doctrine it was originally
Barbarian and while even barbarians are capable of
discovering truth it happens to be the case the Greeks are best equipped to judge
the Merit of what passes for truth these days
he keeps bringing this up their alignment with reason
right their alignment with reason who are these Christians just tell me Sal
says what are these Christians doing in their meetings could you please tell me what are they doing in their meetings
the Christians claim to get some sort of power from pronouncing the names of
demons what they're in meetings pronouncing the names of demons okay
okay people back me up right we're all going in to this crime scene back me up
here we are okay what are they doing they're using the names for the demons or saying
certain incantations episodes
I love it I love it now I know where I am where's the table with the drink is
it a drink or something I don't care where you whereas you can you can put it anywhere you want just let's get in
let's get on board let's get this Throne set up yeah this is gorgeous the Christians
claim to get some sort of power yeah they're always incorporating in these incantations these epods remember epods
are the songs that are used in conjunction with the drugs that you and
I are seeing and the things like the mithras liturgy fantastic
do you have them Christians do you have them here we go they even use the name Jesus
and a short story about him in the formula it's no different than the mythrake Liturgy right it's the same
thing you can see them all look I brought you back to an early Christian orgy congratulations that's somebody
somebody and all I had to do was just ask this dead person just ask this dead person this is like
none of this nobody can say 30 year old man
right you can't do that because I'm just talking celsus that's all I'm doing
Jesus himself was thought to work Wonders by the use of magic and
incantations and interestingly enough notice that the two were separate and
right away you and I Children of the modern era we don't know why those should be separate we don't know what
the difference between Magic and incantations is we don't know if this is part of healing religion we don't know
what this is we don't know where the drugs are we don't know what divisions are we know they're having visions the
prophets they're producing profits oh my goodness I'm gonna give you one more
only because I know you love it you guys have a sick fascination
sick Fascination it's like getting down to that original peel you ever pick it
pick it somebody else's scabs yeah
yeah [Music] you don't necessarily have to talk you get down to that lower level that's that
fresh invigorated flesh
it's got that blood of death that's what we call we don't call it the mixture of life we call it that which
brings death on heima
okay you're getting a little bit into there into their world
so says celsus one ought first to follow reason as a guide before accepting any
belief thank you I told them that I told them that I told them that's what the devil
wanted and here you are Celsius I agree with you Celsius good man good man typical
nice Pagan love to meet his parents this is wonderful one art one ought first to
follow reason as a guide before accepting any belief since anyone who believes without testing a Doctrine is
certain to be deceived come on guys be scientists right it's no problem no problem we have
plenty of examples in our own time right look at who he starts to compare
them with Sibley the soothsayers the worshipers of mithras sebasius wait a minute you mean
all of these mystery Cults that we've been talking about you mean there's an ancient person who
is comparing Christianity no he's not comparing Christianity he's saying Christianity is one mystery practice
yeah so when you say that the early Christians
are using magic and Paul is running around with his you know he's like you've been Dover let me make you stop
using your books like some kind of sick you know
school principle you know what I'm talking about that kind that kind
um yeah Celsius and these guys are noticing these things right they're noticing it and they're saying look you
know you gotta these people should be ashamed for a lot of stuff that they're doing rise a lot of the stuff yeah excellent I
want to just in case look in case there was anybody sitting here because still
is in that one section in the nosebleed section that we reserved
for the true believers you know that we've that section has always got to be made available right or
we're not going to have any sort of progress so we've got that section available for
anybody in that section who is still in the least sympathetic
to the fact that Jesus is arrested in a public park with a naked boy
okay I want to give you the words of a dead
pagan who said everybody knows what they do
with the boys Christians included don't you see
The Cult of Jesus is the cult of antinous
Heracles here he is isn't he hot here he is you know who this is this is antinous
he's a real person right don't think that you're sitting around we know we don't spend any time with myth we're
thrilled people baby we're with Queens Amazonian queens and antinous can I get
him back from let me summon antennas back look at this I want you guys to get I want you to feel it as you're sitting
on that throne right as you're sitting on that Throne look at look at him
looking at him just feel and tenuous and tenuous you know who he was
he was the boy lover of Hadrian whom he picked up
and brought back for his education look everybody knew
nothing was hidden because nobody cared
yeah nobody cared nobody cared
yeah so we have a pagan who says hey this is your Jesus your Jesus they celebrate
those Christians are doing let me just read it let me just read it to you
chewy give him some stuff to to get the brain going yeah
the honor they pay to Jesus is no different from the sort paid to
Hadrian's favorite boy antinos hmm
yes did Jesus have a
male lover with whom he was in a pederastic relationship
that's the question that we're asking now sitting in this conference room we
want to know look we got a trans-dimensional stuff is going to come through the pipe and we got to let them
know where we are right and I'm saying part of this
investigation has to do with the naked kid in a public park
okay part of it has to do with the guy who was caught touching children
aggressively and had the whole group of parents they stop and he stood up and said what are you
gonna scandalize me you want to scandalize me
I am not a laces yeah okay and you say how long did it
take for that crowd to form when Jesus was getting taken off to get crucified how long did
those guys show up how bad did they punch him in the face okay he got crucified between two two
other ones huh all right interesting interesting
let me read that again the honor they paid to Jesus is no different from the short paid to Hadrian's favorite boy and
Tennis now you're saying naked boy naked boy
with Jesus in a garden right public park
give me another one right we have to build we're building a
picture so we need things like motive we need to construct motive based upon
evidence and only from evidence that we've got we have this 16th chapter of
Mark where guess what another neoniscos comes in and by the way let me just let
me just put this down here Paul take down your pants nope I don't know Paul
that's not how it works right daddy says Paul
daddy says take him down
Okay the reason we have to do that is because somebody has snuck in and I said
that naked kid that was with Jesus cannot be a kid he's he's got to be a 30
year old mature male undergoing a weekend seminar in a cemetery
the word for young man in Greek is neonias when you put the sigma Kappa
onto it you've created a a different word because Sigma Kappa is a diminutive
it's what we call diminutive so in Greek you have a pis a child a child and then
you have a pie discus what is it what is a child what is a pie this course it's a
diminutive for child a little kiddo a little kiddo right so you also have an
Anis a young man and you have a neoniscos a boy
yeah he's with his boy we're gonna find another one let's go with Mary quick
everybody in the machine we're catching up with Mary Magdalene Salome I don't nobody ask her to dance please we don't
know who's who um all we know the name is a drug and it's a sex drug too so let's not get in
too deep right in this limo as we all jump and Mary magdalene's limo let's not
get too deep because this stuff is gonna get heated you know what I mean it's gonna get heated I want to take you to
chapter 16 of Mark and I'm just going to translate to you I'm gonna translate to you and I'm
here's the text you know yeah yeah you like it wonderful wonderful isn't it gorgeous okay show them the next one
it's a it's a pretty long chapter right and there's problems people don't like this chapter it doesn't it doesn't fit
well there's manuscript problems there's some funny things in here that don't make us a little bit uncomfortable
that's what I want to see right as an investigator that's what you want to see you want to go on that limo with those
stars and you want to see what's going on give me some can I have some of that let me see yeah and so when Sabbath was
over I'm just reading to you from the Greek when the Sabbath was over Mary Magdalene and Mary the mother of Jacob
and Salome what they do they they scored some aromata they got some drugs
they got some drugs they agorized some drugs they went to the market got some drugs don't you like that why
in order that they might treat his body yeah yeah they're gonna put some stuff
on them they're gonna alefo him they're not gonna Christ him they're gonna alefo
him his body right he's dead now right okay fantastic no nothing new to see
here and really early in the morning on the first day of Sabbath they came to his Monument yeah to his that's his you
know tomb Monument tomb yeah they came to his tomb
vitam the most talked about tomb in history what was found in the most
talked about tomb in history a wee boy
yeah watch what he's wearing too he's a party freak what's this okay so earlier
they get on it they're getting there right when the sun is rising right and they started discussing among
themselves and said who's gonna move that giant rock that's in front of the door of the Tomb right they didn't bring
anybody with him because Big Rock right big rock gotta roll it away and uh so as they're discussing they
look up and what happens what do they see they see that somebody's rolled that thing away right and it's big it's
exceptionally big they say oh yeah good good good it's got some manly
business right love it love it somebody's in the background somebody's
in the background and going in here we go are you ready to go into Jesus's tomb are you ready most
famous tomb in history I'm I'm delighted to be able to give you a tour of the
tomb of of Jesus Allah Mark and a little bit of Celsius in the background here we
go going into the tomb they saw what a neoniscone are you kidding me they saw
nannies going what is he doing he's got thaming on he's sitting in dexy I spit
wait wait what he's sitting on the right side he's sitting on the right hand he's
sitting on the right hand of whom no it just stops he's sitting on the
right hand of of
somebody or something or some corpse
sitting on the right hand of it which is the cult mystery position
love it love it what's this kid doing there let's see what happens let's see
what happens what does he say sitting on the right hand oh he's wearing a stone kid he's wearing the white Robes of an
initiate oh you love that can you smell the drugs
that are in the air already if you don't it's too late and you're about to go nuts
I'm not kidding I'm not kidding have you ever been to one of these Cemetery
rituals here we go yeah
and he says to them yeah don't the kid speaks up he says Don't Be Afraid don't
be amazed because they're shocked why are they shocked they walk into a tomb there's a
kid sitting there it might be in too loud so he says shut up old man you're being loud but is there to is what's the
kid I'm sorry I get so excited when these kids get involved with Jesus can we see that kid with Jesus again look at
Jesus's face here people come on look at him that's a man who knows he's about to
get scandalized you know what I mean that's a man who knows he's been touching like he shouldn't Jesus Christ
Jesus Christ yeah yeah both of those are titles thank
you very much okay and he says him don't be afraid he says you're looking for Jesus the
Nazarene yeah what is he doing the one that was crucified that's what he says you know
the one that was crucified well he opened his eyes he what yeah
he opened his eyes and then the grace says and everybody translates that holiday
um do we have that one everybody translates translates this as a that one
yeah there we go everybody translates this I just want you to see
um it's a demonstrative adverb look at the top demonstrative adverb is just
such a one right so it's the demonstrative adverb form of that so in this way or thus you know thusly look at
number two of a state or condition as it is I like you for who you are that for
who you are is this holiday the thing sitting there as it is what is
what does the kids say kids said Jesus has gotten up he's not this thing sitting here
oh my god did he just point to the corpse did he just point to the corpse
and say that no no he's been woken up he's new this is not him
this is not him oh my goodness that thing is translated traditionally as an adverb he's not here
he's not here but why is the boy sitting on the right hand of somebody who's not
there fantastic and what is that kid doing and why is he dressed up why is he dressed
up like an initiate this is getting ridiculous if we were cops
if we were cops we would say okay there's a pattern you think so hand me those donuts over there Ryan hand me
those donuts you know what as I'm eating my daughter I'm thinking we're seeing a pattern we're seeing a guy who gets
arrested in in the company he gets he gets he gets impeded he gets somebody
comes in and he's there with a kid whether it's in a in a dark place late
at night or whether he travels up to somebody's Rich tomb and spends a couple
of days with their kid ah is anybody seeing a pattern he called
himself he said Jesus Christ said I am not a child trafficker
I am not a child trafficker I am Jesus Christ I am not a child trafficker
do not scandalize me I am Jesus Christ I am not a child
trafficker do not scandalize me for touching children
you know the last person that corpse talked to was that kid I'd like to know
I'd like to know but before you think this is over now I'm bringing in the drugs are you
ready for this are you ready for this remember in the Tomb that say replace
where that body is where those necromancers perform their right
yeah um they also burn incense yeah they also burn incense
okay wait a minute what and it's called fumigation bruh it's called fumigation
every death is full of it right you gotta purify the area you've
got to get rid of those demons you got to get rid of those demons right so what happens let's watch what
happens in the next in the next uh yeah yeah um
so they got up early and Sabbath and they went and uh Mary saw right
um he went to her first anyway um I want to get when they're running out
yeah and so he says to them you know behold Jesus the Nazarene you know what I mean
the one that's crucifying he's up and this isn't him this form is in him look at the place where he's buried but some
um they said to this to students of him go out and say the students and Peter um to bring yourselves right to Galilee
he's going to go before you he's going to go into Galley wait what Jesus is
going into Galilee okay okay and then what's the very next
sentence and they went out and fled in Terror
they're tromos they're shaking they're shaking it says they ran away
they ran away and refused to even tell anyone
about what happened right this is Mary Magdalene right
Salome a couple others and they're standing there and they see
this kid and all of a sudden a terror hits them a
terror hits them I wonder what they were fumigating that place with was it something ecstatic was it something that
they were using and you think oh no no not watched I want to catch you right
now I'm gonna chain you up and I'm gonna spank you right you say no no they
didn't it wasn't they weren't using those drugs no they couldn't have we couldn't have gone there
yes take a look at what the Greek says right says they were
Thomas they had a shake and they were in estasis
they were in ecstasy
they were in ecstasy no this is Christian these cannot be those rights of the pagans no well guess what Mary
got high in Jesus's Doom she became ecstatic
yeah this is when you start seeing visions and stuff what do you think that kid was doing sitting there
right you got to see those Visions you see the system that was around Jesus and the
performance of his mystery do you see the system that was functioning that was operating
right that kid was there for a reason and Celsius is screaming at the world
look they're no different they do the same things they reverence Jesus as the
reverence antinous antennais what is Hadrian doing with
antinous what is Heracles doing with hylus
yeah and what is Jesus doing with the naked boy
we're building a picture of the actuality and now just to finish
off I just want to play this I want to roll this film clip one more time this little
clip and I want you to think about what period of time you're inhabiting
and I want you to think about whether or not time is a river or a cycle let's let's
hit it please
charge as long as I'm the pastor here to let you know that verse one is the truth
the whole truth and nothing but the truth so help you God when you understand
the devil's hoping you don't know who you are
immigrants got Jesus Christ what do you hears they'll die
do you know why they can't reproduce
we propelled Birds Propel Eagles don't prepare we said
let's say to our politicians today who are telling us what light bulbs we
can and can't use but they won't say don't murder your children someone who is so deeply into paganism
is to do this was restricted from the Privileges and rights of citizenship within the nation
because they had defiled the image of God this is how you breathe in hell it was like [Music]
[Applause]
they toppled the civilization and issued in Dark Ages
now they have the power to destroy everything look at where you are in history
yeah thank you for coming tonight I will be
a few minutes at the at the Discord tonight
um to chat with people and throw around for people to throw around ideas it's a great place to come to throw around your
ideas yeah and maybe tonight we'll drop some cells this maybe maybe not but
please please as we go through this material take it
seriously because this is the reality that we have now at present this is our
reality yeah we have to do what's right guys we have to defend that space we
have to keep these texts have a good week hail Satan I'm drinking
whiskey [Music]
[Applause]
[Applause] [Music]